[wip] prepare 1.30.0 (#1562)
deltachat/deltachat-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* fix a bug where sometimes the file extension of a long filename containing a dot was cropped
* fix messages being treated as spam by placing small MIME-headers before the larger Autocrypt:-header
* fix: keep track of QR code joins in database to survive restarts
* fix: automatically accept chats with outgoing messages
* fix connectivity view's "One moment..." message being stuck when there is no network
* fix: select Chinese Traditional and Chinese Simplified accordingly
* fix several issues when checking for new messages in background
* fix: update chat when adding something from the share-extension
* fix scroll-down button not always appearing as expected
* fix: connect to notification service as soon as possible even if there is no network on initial startup
* fix: disable zoom in connectivity view
* fix layout of info-messages in dark-mode
* fix: show download failures
* fix: send locations in the background regardless of other sending activity
* fix rare crashes when stopping IMAP and SMTP
* fix correct message escaping consisting of a dot in SMTP protocol
* fix rendering of quotes in QR code descriptions

> * fix: accessibility: do not stop voice-over output after sending a voice-message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* fix: accessibility: do not stop VoiceOver output after sending a voice-message
* fix: accessibility: various improvements for the VoiceOver navigation in a chat
```
